video link:
https://vanderbilt.zoom.us/rec/share/KEnpthcb6p7rrAyzgJqCsRNzrNwyFPYRrZ5UTCLk25qET00cmInNCVVsaw5wQMQW.K1Ccs1DFS4Wu-yn4 

If you feel that you can't understand what I was saying, below here is the text version of my video:

Suppose there are 5 coins. Four of the coins are fair with P(heads)=0.5, and one of the coins is biased with P(heads)=0.75, which means if you choose a fair coin, the probability of getting one head after slipping that coin one time is 0.5, and the probability of getting head when choosing biased coin is 0.75. Suppose a coin is randomly selected and flipped 4 times resulting in 4 heads. Let's have a look at how to calculate the probability that the selected coin was biased. First, we should define four basic events, namely fair coin, biased coin, head and tail. According to the conditions, when a coin is tossed four times, we have five choices each time, so the size of the sample space will be 20, and in the end, there are 4 events in the sample space that biased is selected every time. Therefore , the probability that we get biased by tossing four rounds of coins is one-fifth, which is 0.2, and the column total of the probability of fair coin is 0.8. Since the results of each coin toss will not affect each other, they are independent events. It is known that the probability of choosing a biased coin toss to get a head is 0.75, then the probability of four heads given baised coins equals to the fourth power of 0.75. In the same way, the probability of four heads given fair coins equals to the fourth power of 0.5. According to the Bayes rule, the probability of the choosing baised coin and getting four heads equals to the probability of four heads given baised coins times the probability of its sample space, which is the probability of baised in this case. In the same w ay, the probability of choosing fair coin and getting 4 heads can be calculated. Then we add the two to get all the probabilities of getting 4 heads, that is, the row total column probability of 4 heads in the crosstable. According to Bayes rule , we can calculate the probability of selecting biased coin given getting four heads by calculating the cell probability of getting 4 heads and choosing biased coins divided by the probability of 4 heads.I used the R language to loop the throws from one to four times according to the above logic, and finally calculated every probability in the corsstable except for the cumulative sum of row total and column total. The answer of this problem equals to 0.5586207.